Stars
It is almost time for bed.
Mummy Pig, Daddy Pig and Peppa
are having mugs of hot milk.
George, why are you dressing up
in that spacesuit?
You should be in your pajamas.
George loves everything
to do with space.
Oh, George, take your spaces helmet off
to drink your milk.
Bed time, little ones.
At night, George likes to
listen to his space mobile.
No space again,
it's boring.
Space isn't boring,
it is full of stars.
I can't see anything,
it's too dark.
It's easierto see
the stars from the outside.
Can we go outside now?
Peppa, you are in your pajamas.
Maybe if you put yourcoats on over your pajamas
we could go outside just this once.
Hooray!
Daddy, why are you lying on the ground?
This is the best way to see the stars.
Look at these little stars,
imagine you are joining the dots.
That's call the Big Dipper.
Yes, and the two stars at the end
point to the north star.
Wow... north stars, north star,
are you nearor are you far?
Can we get that in the car...
No, Peppa, the star is much too far away.
Are they further away than the seaside?
Oh, yes.
But they look a lot closerthough a telescope.
Have we got a telescope?
No, but grandpa pig has a very good telescope.
Can we go to grandpa pig. S house now?
It's much too late.
Maybe we can go just this once, daddy pig.
Hooray.
It's the first time Peppa and George
have been in the car at night.
Look, we are following the north star.
North star, north star, shining with a twinkly glow,
please show us which way to go.
Peppa and George has arrived in
grandpa and granny pig's house.
Oh, dear. I do hope grandpa and granny pig
haven. T gone to bed.
What are you doing here at this hour?
We want to see the stars.
Peppa and George were hoping
they can look though yourtelescope.
I see, very well,
to the top of the house, everyone.
Here she is, old bess.
Wow... grandpa pig hobby is looking at the stars.
Now who's forthe first look?
Me, me, me...
OH, the north star.
We sailor uses it to find our way home.
Daddy used it to find his way here.
Are there otherthings in the sky?
Yes, this is the planet call Saturn.
What are those pretty rings?
They are made of block and ice.
Saturn is very very cold.
We can build a snowman, George.
Quick, look. Oh... it's a shooting star.
You must make a wish.
I wish that when George is old enough to
have his own rocket he will take me into space.